Friends of the Town Green
Friends of the Vienna Town Green was established to help support free concerts and performances at the Town Green. Spring through fall, the Town Green hosts concerts and performances for all ages and tastes.
img:friends_headerV2.jpg

Halloween Parade Awards Ceremony
Each year, the Town recognizes parade winners at a Town Council meeting in November. Judged categories include youth band, float with music, youth performer, antique/classic vehicle, adult band, float without music, and adult performer. 
img: fave13.jpg


State support for window insulation
Findings are used to support the development of GSA performance. The highly insulating window retrofit product (Hi-R panel) tested is a pre-manufactured.

img:window-isolation


full articles:
------
Friends of the Town Green
Friends of the Vienna Town Green was established to help support free concerts and performances at the Town Green. Spring through fall, the Town Green hosts concerts and performances for all ages and tastes.

Types of Entertainment
Each year, the Town of Vienna hosts or co-sponsors dozens of varied performances that reflect to a wide range of musical and entertainment styles. 

Examples of Supporting the Town Green
Friends of the Vienna Town Green are committed to support, assist, and promote the Town Green by:
assisting wFriends of the Town Greenith management of programs, including serving as hosts for individual performances
creating a membership program that supports fundraising efforts and helps promote community involvement in the Town Green
fostering a volunteer organization that reaches out to our community to raise awareness in support of the Town Green and its efforts to bring free programs to our community
raising funds to support concerts and entertainment (including acquiring sponsors and donations from our community to cover performance expenses).
-----




community news/issues:

New playground facilities
Due to the support from the municipality our playground got renewed. The spider swing that our community voted for has arrived. 
img:ipha.jpg


Broken water pipe
In the early hours of 12. of June the main water pipe broke but thanks to our fantastic maintenance team we had it fixed in just a few hours. 
img:article22.jpg

Away for the holidays
The Spukk family needs help with cat watering and plant feeding. Are you available from the 1. June - 4. June? 